[bitnami/opencart] Update OpenCart chart to version 4.x.x (#12378)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/opencart/README.md

## Upgrading

### To 13.0.0

> OpenCart version was bumped to its latest major, `4.x.x`. The most remarkable chante is that the `/admin` folder has been moved to `/administration` for security requirements. Though no incompatibilities are expected while upgrading from previous versions, OpenCart recommends backing up your application first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenCart version was bumped to its latest major, `4.x.x`. The most remarkable change is that the `/admin` folder has been renamed to `/administration` for security requirements. Though no incompatibilities are expected while upgrading from previous versions, OpenCart recommends backing up your application first before upgrading.
```
